gh-123873: sqlite3.threadsafety aligned with python module capabilities (#124316)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-23-16-16-06.gh-issue-123873.rzdy2x.rst

> SQLite3 threadsafe property aligned with effective module capabilities. Currently only the module can be used by multiple threads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:attr:`sqlite3.threadsafety` property temporarily aligned with effective module capabilities. Currently, only the module can be used by multiple threads.
```
